[TASK] Add contribution guide (#1044)
FriendsOfTYPO3/tea: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

## Open an issue

Feel free to open an issue, No matter whether you found a bug, request a feature or have questions.

> 1. Please check existing open and closed issues first and feel free to comment and re-open them.

Reviewer: I propose we link the issue page on GitHub.

2. Use a meaningful title
3. Provide enough context, a concrete use case and steps to reproduce bugs

## Contributing code and documentation

> 1. Create a fork of the repository (You need a GitHub account)

Reviewer: We can link https://docs.github.com/de/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo and https://github.com/join here.

Author: I suggest that https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects already contains the first suggestion.

I'll happily add the 2nd suggestion for joining GitHub.

# How to contribute

## Open an issue

> Feel free to open an issue, No matter whether you found a bug, request a feature or have questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to open an issue - no matter whether you found a bug, would like to request a feature or have questions.
```

1. Please check existing open and closed issues first and feel free to comment and re-open them.
2. Use a meaningful title.
3. Provide enough context, a concrete use case and steps to reproduce bugs.

You can browse existing and closed issues at
https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues and open new issues at https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues/new

## Contributing code and documentation

1. Create a fork of the repository.
   You need a GitHub account which you can create at https://github.com/join .
2. Create a new branch holding your changes.
3. Apply your changes.
4. Commit your changes, follow the commit conventions: https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-contributionworkflow/main/en-us/Appendix/CommitMessage.html#commitmessage .
   Except that we do not have `Releases` or `Change-Id` Metadata.
5. Push your changes.
6. Open a pull request.

Some pull requests can not be merged quickly.
We consider the original author responsible for rebasing open merge requests under that circumstances.

> You can find the documented workflow for GitHub at: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also have a look at the documented [contribution workflow for GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).
```
